Add release post for Android app v2.3.0 (#106)
jellyfin/jellyfin-blog: content/posts/android-v2.3.0.md

---
title: 'Jellyfin Android v2.3.0 - Improved Integrated Player'
subtitle: 'Enjoy a more polished Jellyfin experience on your phone'

> author: 'Max Rumpf / Maxr1998'

Reviewer: All current blog posts don't include a username in the author. But I don't see a problem if you want to include it.

```suggestion
author: 'Max Rumpf'
```

githubusername: 'Maxr1998'

> date: 2021-07-06T00:00:00-00:00

Reviewer: You should bump the date

## Download Now

<a class="NoLinkLook" href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile">
  <img width="153" alt="Jellyfin on Google Play" src="/images/store-icons/google-play.png" />
</a>

<a class="NoLinkLook" href="https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B081RFTTQ9">
  <img width="153" alt="Jellyfin on Amazon App Store" src="/images/store-icons/amazon.png" />
</a>

<a class="NoLinkLook" href="https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.jellyfin.mobile/">
  <img width="153" alt="Jellyfin on F-Droid" src="/images/store-icons/fdroid.png" />
</a>

Direct downloads are always available from [our repository](https://repo.jellyfin.org/releases/client/android/).

## Full Release Notes

The full (technical) release notes are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android/releases/tag/v2.3.0).

## Contributors

As always, lots of great people contributed in this release:

### Jellyfin Team

- [@nielsvanvelzen](https://github.com/nielsvanvelzen) - [Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/nielsvanvelzen)
- [@Maxr1998](https://github.com/Maxr1998) - [Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/Maxr1998)

> - [@h1dden-da3m0n](https://github.com/h1dden-da3m0n) - *Special shoutout for helping with the migration to GitHub Actions!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@h1dden-da3m0n](https://github.com/h1dden-da3m0n) - *Special shout-out for helping with the migration to GitHub Actions!*
```

- [@CarlosOlivo](https://github.com/CarlosOlivo)
- [@fedesenmartin](https://github.com/fedesenmartin)
- [@ThreeFive-O](https://github.com/ThreeFive-O)
- [@Codex-](https://github.com/Codex-)
- [@diederikdehaas](https://github.com/diederikdehaas)

### Contribute

If you have some experience with Android development and are interested in contributing yourself, feel free to dive into the source code [on GitHub](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android) and open pull requests!

Alternatively, you can help translating the app into your language on our [Weblate](https://translate.jellyfin.org/projects/jellyfin-android/jellyfin-android/).

## Full Release Notes

> The full (technical) release notes are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android/releases/tag/v2.3.0).

Reviewer: Since they just point to the changelogs on GitHub this section might be better when placed above contributors after download.
